Membership Terms and Conditions 

1. New Enrolments for term swimming

An enrolment form is to be completed including a signature to acknowledge terms and conditions.

All new enrolments must be completed in person. We do not accept new enrolments over the telephone or via mail.

Places are only secured once full payment has been received.

We do not hold places or accept part payments. If an assessment is required to determine Childs ability the aquatic department will contact the applicant by phone to arrange a time to conduct an assessment.

 

2. Re-enrolling for the next term

Existing ACSA students are automatically enrolled for the following term:

You will be issued with an invoice, usually three weeks prior to the end of the current term that will indicate the new terms lesson day, times and fees. To confirm your re-enrolment, your payment must be received no later than the last day of the current term.

If payment has not been received by this time, your position will be deemed vacant and offered to other applicants who are interested in securing the position. If you do not wish to re-enrol, we kindly ask that you notify.

 

3. Non Transferable

Memberships and lessons are non transferable to other people and can not be converted to other products or services.

 

4. Request for lesson changes

Following re-enrolment process a week is set aside to process requests for change. While every effort is made to accommodate requests for change, it is dependent on the availability of vacancies and no guarantee can be given to accommodate requests

 

5. Fees & Payment method

Term fees are payable in full before the commencement of term

Payment may be made by the following methods:

• Cash, Bank Transfer, weChat, Alipay, Direct Debit or cheques.

• Customers with outstanding invoices at the conclusion of the current term will not be re-enrolled into the new term.

 

6. Failed Payments

If the bank rejects a transaction an alternative payment must be made. Failed payments remain due and payable. Any costs incurred by the YSS in the processing of your fees will be passed on to you. A $25.00 fee will apply.

 

7. Discounts

10% discount applies to all families with three or more children enrolled in swimming classes.

 

8. Cancellations

This contract of membership can be voided if written notification is provided no later than seven working days prior to the commencement of the ACSA term.

Cancellation received after seven working days but prior to the commencement of the swimming term will receive a refund less a $20 administration fee.

All terms and conditions of membership are binding once the YSS term commences.

 

9. Refunds (medical certificate only)

Refunds are available for medical reasons. These require a medical certificate (this certificate must state the dates of unattended lessons). The completion of a refund request form is required to be eligible for a refund of swimming fees.

Refunds will not be issued to any person other than the enrolled student stated on the medical certificate.

Refunds are issued from the date the completed request form is received at the office. We do not issue credits or transfers to another term.

An administration fee of $20 will be deducted from all refunds

 

10. Missed Lessons

Compensation for missed lessons or make up lessons is not available. Students who are unable to attend lessons due to illness are entitled two (2) make up classes for all other levels per term or if space permits holiday absentees.

These classes are subject to available spaces and at the discretion of management.

• No Make up classes will be allocated prior to week three (3) of the term

• No Make-up lessons are given for non-attendances in the last week of term.

• Make-up lessons cannot be transferred to the next term.

 

11. Public Holidays/School Holidays

Classes do not run on public holidays or term school holidays and do not form part of your account.

 

12. Swimming Attire

All students who are not fully toilet trained must wear correct aqua nappies whilst in the pool during and after lessons.

 

13. Teachers & Time Changes

The swim school reserves the right to cancel or change classes and instructors or move students if the need arises. Although we strive to maintain a consistency with instructors this is not always possible.

 

14. Parental Supervision

It is the condition of entry that all children must be accompanied by a parent or guardian whilst at the centre. Children will not be accepted into lessons if a parent or guardian is absent. Children must be collected by the parent or guardian over the age of sixteen (16) at the conclusion of every lesson.

All school age children are required to use the appropriate change rooms. Parents needing to provide supervised care may use the disabled change facilities.

 

16. Photographic & Video Images

Photographs or video footage is not allowed to be taken of a child or children whilst they are in the centre. Parents and relatives wishing to take images of their child/ren during class MUST complete a consent form available at reception or From Lifeguard.
